Team name : Sonic 
Leon Wu lwu3@buffalo.edu
Taha Alam tahaalam@buffalo.edu
Shawn Mammen shawnmam@buffalo.edu
Syed Rehman syedrehm@buffalo.edu 
URL of your GitHub repo: https://github.com/cse442-fall-2019-offering/442projects-sonic
URL of your ZenHub board: https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/sonic-5d704b1c9e07e210332426d6/board?repos=206433212

Does your team will need a web server to host your project? (If yes, I will work with cse-consult to get it setup for your team). Yes.
Does your team will need a database server to be used by your project? (If yes, I will work with cse-consult to get that organized). Yes.
Describe your team's alternate dispute resolution approach. This should be a silly, but simple, way to resolve disputes when your team just cannot agree. Voting is NOT allowed for this, but anything else is okay. If When problems arise, we will expect you to use this.
If a dispute should arise, we will settle the argument with a coinflip.

Write 1 or 2 paragraphs describing the completed version of your project. (Developing estimates is very, very hard and takes years to do we ll. These descriptions are only to help your project manager understand your goals and prioritize the work to be done).
Our project is a Nutrition application where it displays the amount of calories you eat throughout the day. We can keep the history through the week and display the calories and show trends. We'll be implementing a QR code scanner which grabs the nutritional value 
An alternative would be using a search bar, typing up your food, and we'll have an autofill to display the food you're trying to find.
Write 1 or 2 paragraphs describing a typical user of your project and how they would use it.
A typical user would start using the application on their first meal, tracking their calories/nutritional value. This would be best used by people
trying to lost weight or gain weight, and they could put their set goal calories. if you surpass the calories, it'll change color to red to warn
the user that you surpassed.
